SmarT Home
Q1 What is the SmarT Home service?
A1 SmarT Home is a brand new service offered by SmarTone. It covers two types of solutions – SmarT Monitoring Home Solution and SmarT Comfy Home Solution, which enable you to control home settings, such as lighting, air-conditioning, curtains, home entertainment products and home monitoring devices and more, via your smartphone or tablet anytime, anywhere. Set to your preferences, you can also preset scenes and remotely set time switches to enjoy a comfortable home environment and save energy.
Q2 Who are the target customers of the SmarT Home service?
A2 We target any households who look for a comfy and monitored home environment and energy saving, whatever the size or style of the flat. Our SmarT Home service offers flexible options to cater for the needs of different families.
Q3 Why do I need a smart home service?
A3 Smart products have become increasingly popular and are more integrated into our everyday lives. Through wireless technology, home monitoring technology, audio/video technology and automatic control technology, home facilities are consolidated onto a single platform, thus creating an effective home control system. It is more secure, convenient and energy efficient- which is ideal for you to enjoy the comfort of your home.
Q4 Why should I choose the Smart Home service?
A4 There are numerous smart home devices and appliances in the market. Some need self installation while in other cases, replacement for a new device is required. What's more, they usually work on separate operating platforms. Our Smart Home service offers you great value, plus you can add on devices flexibly as required to boost your own smart life. Using reliable Z-Wave wireless technology, all products are retrofitted with no drilling and wiring needed, suitable for all kinds of homes with renovation works in progress or completed! We provide one-stop service with on-site consultation and installation, 24-hour customer support, 24-month device warranty and on-site maintenance. Your requirements will be fully taken care of from pre-sales to after-sales, plus you get great value for money and our caring service, so you can rest assured to enjoy a brilliant smart home.
Q5 Will the installation work affect my home decorations? How long will it take?
A5 No drilling and wiring are needed during installation, thus there will be no impact on your home's structure and decorations. The installation generally takes between 4 and 6 hours, depending on the project's complexity. Our technical staff will give you an estimated installation time following an on-site inspection.
Q6 What are the advantages of Z-Wave wireless technology used by the SmarT Home service?
A6 Z-Wave operates on a frequency band (919MHz) different from Wi-Fi and Zigbee. This can avoid interference from other wireless communication devices running at 2.4GHz, and can alleviate the traffic load on your router. In the whole smart home system, a network connection is required for the gateway only. The devices use Z-Wave technology to communicate with the gateway.
Q7 How can I operate the SmarT Home system after installation?
A7 With the SmarT Home app, you and your family can control the home appliances and devices instantly on the wireless control panel, preset their operation time, or even set up an automatic operation with the help of sensors. After the system installation, family members can choose between the original and the new control methods according to their personal preferences.
